This website is published as a public service by the law firm of Lauture IP, PLLC and is provided for general informational purposes only. This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Lauture IP, PLLC makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.

This website contains information regarding intellectual property laws and regulations and we hope that this information will prove useful to you. The opinions expressed in certain blog posts and publications available on this website are the opinions of the authors of such publications, some of whom may not be attorneys of Lauture IP, PLLC, and they should not be construed as such or as legal advice. While we believe the information presented is accurate as of the date of original publication, changes occur frequently and often the laws and regulations are complex and/or are subject to continuing interpretation and therefore we cannot be held responsible for any errors or misstatements or for any misunderstanding on your end. Thus, you are cautioned to use this information at your own risk. Any links on this website to third-party sites are provided for convenience and informational purposes only, and are not intended to indicate Lauture IP, PLLC’s sponsorship of or representation or warranty that any of the information of the information or content contained on such sites is accurate.

If you are contacting us by email, please do not include any confidential information in your communications. Our receipt of any information you may send us is not intended to create, and does not create, an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such attorney-client relationship has been established and agreed to in writing by both parties.

This website is not a substitute for competent legal advice from a qualified licensed attorney from the appropriate jurisdiction. If you have a legal issue, you should seek the advice of an attorney who is knowledgeable in these fields. The proper answers to your legal issues will depend on your particular circumstances and require legal advice tailored to those circumstances. Consult a lawyer if you have a legal matter which needs attention. Finally, the use of the information set out on this website should not be taken as establishing any contractual or other form of attorney-client relationship between Lauture IP, PLLC and the reader or user of this information.

By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.

This site may contain attorney advertising. Outcomes are not guaranteed.

All rights reserved © Copyright

Lauture IP, PLLC

 
